capital = 835

load_oob = "SSK_units_start"

set_research_slots = 3
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.35

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	early_carrier = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
		basic_heavy_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C1A1"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_auto_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
		
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/gwtank.dds"
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	ssk_dying_democracy
	ssk_albertain_nationalists
	ssk_disorganized_high_command
	ssk_regina_treaty

}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	communism = 20
	fascism = 20
	neutrality = 10 
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.11.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = SSK_koume_akaboshi
recruit_character = SSK_saori_takebe
recruit_character = SSK_youko
recruit_character = SSK_klara
recruit_character = SSK_kiyomi_sugiyama
recruit_character = SSK_maria_suzuki
recruit_character = SSK_chiyomi_anzai
recruit_character = SSK_kei
recruit_character = SSK_rosehip
recruit_character = SSK_vietnam_warfare
recruit_character = SSK_mika
recruit_character = SSSK_erika
recruit_character = SSK_megan

recruit_character = SSK_mako
recruit_character = SSK_yukari
recruit_character = SSK_maho
recruit_character = SSK_marie
recruit_character = SSK_miho

##ARMY
recruit_character = SSK_nico_telephone
recruit_character = SSK_nonna
recruit_character = SSK_katyusha
recruit_character = SSK_alina
recruit_character = paul_allen
